add deprecation notice (#1448)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/release-notes-api-changes311.md

  threshold for the maximum number of `OR` sub-nodes in the internal
  representation of an AQL `FILTER` condition and defaults to `786432`.

### Endpoints deprecated

> The endpoint `/_admin/database/target-version` is deprecated in favor of the
> more general version API under `/_admin/version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GET /_admin/database/target-version` endpoint is deprecated in favor of the
more general version API with the endpoint `GET /_api/version`.
```
